I saw it.
And down to 100 cases
Ah ah ah
I 've cooked it sweet and dry.
I do not think I can answer the question.
[music]
Ah ah ah meokna the simhyeonju
uh
I do not know how to do it .
I do not mean to be good here. It's me and my friends. Then it's real.
Er really like to party go party
Hi. Let's do something as soon as you enter the beggar uh uh oh
Oh, I really do.
Tried force, but will both be Kim Min-hee Oh yeah
oo ah no ah
Why can not I make it like this
400 New Taste know what to dream
It is sweet because it is old .
What yiguna real sweet strawberry strawberries directly in Seoul dalrayo
Now is not the 1500s but the king Strawberry Strawberry Do not sweat
The 8color
Oh Yeah like coming nongttaengyi
O whether or not you show me otherwise, alas
It was the maximum of 9 semesters .
5 What to buy strawberries not come hand polished
It's delicious.
Well, then, please try to chase after it.
Better hurry heart geuphada heart ah ah ah ah am the one to start eating
I want you to cooperate with the cargo.
Now we've Ah Um dad and negative evidence
There. That's the adversity along the way when we come to find in the morning geueoteul
Really
I remember remembering as a girl .
Oh, that's ten times the real answer.
Oh Oh Oh It's perfect
What did you come here for?
now
I do not know what you think.
Oh yeah Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Yes
7 2 Is the earth branch like this? Oh, did you really do it?
Quanzhou is right
wow
what